[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome.
I'm your host, Dr.
Robert J. Gilbert.
In this episode, we will
explore the hidden powers
of the most famous forms
in sacred geometry--
the five Platonic
solids, which are
the forms for the four
elements of nature
and the mysterious
fifth element.
You'll then learn a little
known Rosicrucian practice,
using these powerful forms
to expand your consciousness
and help you to open up
perception of higher worlds.
In our previous episodes, we
showed the power of the sphere
as the perfect sacred geometric
container for new life
and for all of creation.
We saw the sacred geometry
transformation of the sphere
from a containing form to become
a dynamic energy activation
form--
the torus.
The Platonic solids
are also derived
from the primal sacred
geometry form of the sphere,
but they have undergone a
different transformation
than the torus.
The divine packed thought form
behind the Platonic solids
is that they are the
only five perfect ways
to divide a sphere.
Each way of dividing it
creates a different form, which
releases a different power.
Every face on a particular
solid has the same shape,
either a triangle,
square, or a pentagon.
The same number of faces
meet at every corner
or a vertex of the form.
And every line on every face
is the exact same length.
The original forms of the
Platonic solids are spherical.
Then each face is flattened
to make the Platonic solids
as they were taught
to the Greeks
and as they are
popularly known today.
Our oldest historical artifacts
of the Platonic solids
are from Scotland where
many ancient stone
forms have been found, which
are well over 3,500 years old.
Interestingly, in
these oldest artifacts,
the Platonic solids
always appear
in their primordial
spherical form.
The familiar flattened
faces that we
know today were popularized by
the Greek school of Pythagoras
with information likely
gathered from ancient Egypt
and Babylonia.
We know from the
writings of Plato
that the Greeks knew that the
Platonic solids were connected
to the hidden energy
grids of the Earth.
In our first episode,
we showed the net
of the Earth grids, the
energy patterns of the Earth,
based on the Platonic solids.
Each of the five ways
of dividing the sphere
creates a form connected
to one of the four
elements of nature--
Earth, water, air, and fire.
The fifth form is
connected to the mystery
of the fifth element, which
the Greeks called the ether.
This is the dynamic
energy of life itself.
The tetrahedron is the form
behind the power of fire.
It has four triangular faces.
The octahedron is the form
behind the power of air.
It has eight triangular faces.
The cube is the form
behind the power of Earth.
It has six square faces.
The icosahedron is the form
behind the power of water.
It has 20 triangular faces.
The fifth and final
form, the form
kept hidden in the
writings of Plato
and the Pythagorean
school in Greece,
because of its tremendous
potential power,
is the fifth element, the ether,
the dynamic life force itself,
which is the source of
the four earthly elements.
This is the dodecahedron
with 12 pentagonal faces.
Each of these Platonic solids
is a deep world within itself,
full of embedded
knowledge and power.
Each one is a packed thought
form from the mind of God.
The best known of these forms--
the cube of Earth with
six square faces--
we will explore in greater
detail in a future episode
where we will see that it
is the form for creating
the physical plane itself.
The cube is a sealed
chamber, an alchemical retort
we are placed in as young
spiritual beings in order
to go through deep spiritual
transformation processes
during our earthly life.
Let's dive deeper now into the
mysteries of the other four
Platonic solids.
The first and simplest
of the Platonic solids
is the tetrahedron of fire
with four triangular faces.
The tetrahedron is the
minimal, most fundamental
three-dimensional
form, which can
be created with straight lines.
One of the key thought
forms from the mind of God
behind the
tetrahedron is that it
holds the pattern
of the original one
point of the divine unity,
which is being solidly supported
by the three points of a trinity
for manifestation purposes.
In the Christian
tradition, this packed
thought form of
the tetrahedron is
the principle of the divine
unity, the true Godhead,
resting on the trinity of
father, son, and Holy Spirit.
In the structure of
the human energy field,
this trinity of support
becomes the human divine spirit
being supported by three anchor
points for the human soul, also
known in the Western esoteric
tradition as the astral body.
In an upcoming episode, we
will explore these three
anchor points of the soul.
And we'll see how they support
the spirit in the human body,
just as the three points
of the triangle at the base
of a tetrahedron support
the one point directly
above the triangle.
As the fundamental
three-dimensional form,
the tetrahedron
holds the principle
of fire, which is classically
always connected to spirit.
The tetrahedron creates
fundamental stability
and a strong structure for
physical manifestation,
just as the spirit
is the foundation
behind the crystallization
of physical matter.
Buckminster Fuller
demonstrated that the triangle
and the tetrahedron are the most
important structural support
forms which exist,
applying it to his creation
of geodesic domes.
If you make all of the Platonic
solids with flexible corners,
they all collapse, except
for the tetrahedron,
which even with flexible
rubber corners still
stands erect and strong.
The tetrahedron has to be
completely turned inside out
in order for any corner
to buckle inwards,
giving it more resilience than
any other Platonic solid form.
When the tetrahedron is
combined with a form for air,
the octahedron, together they
create tremendously strong
trusses to support
physical weight
and withstand
high-pressure loads.
Bucky Fuller called
this the tet octa truss.
Hidden inside of the structural
strength of the tetrahedron
is another key-packed
thought form
in the mind of God,
which is to stabilize
the center, with
the center being
the gateway to the divine plane.
Again, it was
Buckminster Fuller who
publicized that the tetrahedron
was the minimal form
to anchor and hold fixed a point
in the center of a structure.
To explain what
this means, if you
put a small ball on
the end of a string
and have just one
point of restraint,
which is where you
would hold the string,
then the ball can
move in any direction.
If you add a second
point of restraint,
the ball can still move
along a full 360 degrees
along a two-dimensional plane.
If you add a third
point of restraint,
then the ball can only
move back and forth
on a one-dimensional line.
When you add the fourth point of
restraint, which means the four
points of the
tetrahedron, each corner
point holding a line connected
to the central ball or center
point, then the sphere is
anchored and immobilized
in the center of
the tetrahedron.
And so the principle of
stabilizing the divine center
is another hidden divine thought
form within the tetrahedron.
Buckminster Fuller also taught
that the most fundamental
physical entity, the photon of
light, is itself a tetrahedron.
When light creates the
world, it is the tetrahedron
creating the world.
The next Platonic
solid is the octahedron
of air with eight
triangular faces.
The octahedron is a
form which manifests
from the creation of
physical space, which
is filled with air.
It is created by connecting
the ends of the three
axes of the cubical cross,
which defines the three
90-degree angles that create
three-dimensional physical
space.
When the ends of the
three-dimensional cross
are all connected together, this
creates the octahedron form.
The octahedron can also be seen
as essentially two pyramids,
one pointing upwards and
one pointing downwards,
connected at their base.
This is the true hidden origin
of the pyramid, the form used
by traditions all over
the world as a place
of spiritual initiation.
The pyramid is, in reality,
an octahedron cut in half.
Just as the octahedron is based
on the cubical cross, which
is a thought form
in the mind of God
which creates the three
dimensions of physical space,
so the octahedron
itself is the basis
for the form for
human soul travel,
which has been popularized
in modern times
as the Merkaba or
star tetrahedron
and which technically is known
as the stellated octahedron.
Stellation is the technical term
for turning a flat-sided form
into a star form.
The octahedron is stellated
or turned into a star form
by lifting up the center
point of each face
and then connecting
that raised center
point to the three
corners of that triangular
face of the octahedron.
This can also be seen
from another perspective,
that this stellation
essentially adds
on to every one of the eight
faces of the octahedron,
the form for air, a
tetrahedron, the form for fire.
Amazingly, this also then
converts the entire octahedron
into a form looking like two
interpenetrating tetrahedra,
fire with the
octahedron form for air,
which fuels fire hidden inside.
This stellated
octahedron, better known
to the public today
as a star tetrahedron,
is a form which is
part of the subtle body
system of the human
being related to higher
initiation and soul travel.
We will explore the star
form and the hidden secrets
of the Merkaba vehicle
of soul travel in detail
in a later episode
of this series.
The octahedron
holds many secrets
for how spirit creates
the physical world.
For example, a sacred geometry
secret of the Tibetan tradition
was only made public
recently in the book titled
"Sacred Dimensions
of Time and Space"
by Tarthang Tulku,
published in 1997.
In this book, a Tibetan
master describes
how time has a structure
with past, present,
and future, creating the
three points of a triangle.
These triangles are
connected in a linear flow
of what we conceive of as time.
These triangles emerge
from two dimensions
to three dimensions as
octahedral diamonds, which
are the units of the
flow of time itself.
The next Platonic solid
form is the icosahedron
of water with 20
triangular faces.
Just as the
octahedron is created
on a framework of the three
axes of physical space,
so the icosahedron is created
using a different framework
on top of the same three
90-degree axes that
create physical space.
Instead of using simple
one-dimensional lines that
create the octahedron,
the icosahedron
is manifested from three
golden mean rectangles,
which are each two dimensional.
The golden mean, also
known as the phi ratio,
is a major sacred geometry
pattern intimately linked
to life energy,
which we will explore
in a later episode
of this series.
The icosahedron is the
Platonic solid related
to water, which is the element
that is understood today
as the basic prerequisite
for life as we know it.
Simple biological
life, which live
in liquid, such as
protozoa in the ocean,
often take on a pure
icosahedral form.
One of the simplest and
smallest biological life forms
are viruses.
It is perhaps no surprise, then,
that the Platonic solid form
for water, the
icosahedron, has been
found in modern
scientific research
to be the actual
form of many viruses.
This is the case, for example,
with herpes virus, adenovirus,
and many others.
The final and ultimate
Platonic solid
is the dodecahedron with
12 pentagonal faces.
This is the form that is in
resonance with the ether.
The ancient Greek
concept of the ether
has always been understood as
the dynamic life force which
fills all of space and is
connected to the heavens
surrounding the Earth.
This concept was
virtually universal
among all classical traditions
with a variety of names
given to the ether in
different cultures.
For example, it is
called prana in India.
It was the basis for the ka
energy body in ancient Egypt.
And in China, it was referred
to as the universal chi field.
Although the
existence of the ether
is denied by modern Western
materialistic science,
it has, in reality,
simply been brought
in through the back door
and given a different name
to fit modern materialism.
For example, now being
referred to as the quantum
vacuum field or the
quantum energy field.
In February 2003, NASA
released their new mapping
of cosmic background
radiation data
from the Wilkinson
Microwave Anisotropy Probe,
or the WMAP, which reveals
the actual physical structures
of space.
Then in October 2003, a group of
cosmologists with mathematician
Jeffrey Weeks analyzed this data
to create a new, accurate model
for the shape of the universe.
According to Jeffrey
Weeks, the solution
which fits the
mathematical data indicated
that the universe
is finite and shaped
like a dodecahedron,
which also contains
within it geometric manifolds
of other Platonic solids.
And so once again,
modern science
confirms the sacred
geometry knowledge
of ancient spiritual traditions.
The dodecahedron is deeply
connected to the number five.
It is the only
Platonic solid with
five-sided pentagonal faces.
As we will see in
a later episode,
five-sided geometries
like the pentagram
are directly connected
to etheric life
force, the human etheric
body, and the phi ratio.
The dodecahedron can perfectly
hold inside of it five cubes so
that one of the 12
lines on each cube
creates one line connecting
two non-adjacent points
on each face of
the dodecahedron.
When all five
cubes are in place,
they create a pentagram,
a five-pointed star,
on every face of
the dodecahedron.
The pentagram is
a pure thi ratio
form with golden
mean proportioning
throughout the pentagram.
The human etheric
life body is itself
a pentagram, connecting the
heart to the five extremities--
the head, two
hands, and two feet.
The dodecahedron
occurs naturally
in chemical structures
and features prominently
in many modern
scientific theories
on the atomic structure
behind all matter.
Now, interestingly, the
noble gas xenon's structure,
as found in chemistry
textbooks, is based
on a dodecahedra around a cube.
Xenon is, in reality, an
extremely psychotropic gas
used for inducing spiritual
experiences in clinics
in the Czech Republic.
Now, we see that
this power may be
linked to its geometric
form, the cube
of the materialized physical
world being surrounded
by the dodecahedron, the
opening to the etheric life
force, the gateway
to higher spirit.
The dodecahedron opens up a
gateway to the etheric life
force itself.
For that purpose, it is used
by esotericists and energy
researchers in many
different forms,
ranging from making
dodecahedron-shaped chambers
to do healing
practices inside of,
to cutting crystals
into dodecahedron forms
to use on the body
and energy field.
Before we can reveal the
deeper, hidden powers
of the dodecahedron,
we must first
know that each of
the Platonic solids
has a complementary
opposite form,
known as its Platonic dual.
Every Platonic solid has
a specific number of faces
and a specific number of corner
points, each one of which
is known technically as a
vertex or in the plural are
called vertices.
These numbers of
vertices perfectly
match the number of faces on
a different Platonic solid
referred to as its dual form.
And in return, the number
of faces on this Platonic
solid matches the number
of vertices on its dual.
The thought form in the mind of
God behind the Platonic duals
is that when the duals are
placed inside one another,
each vertex or
corner of both forms
appear in the exact center
of a face of its dual.
This principle is connected
to the divine thought
form of the point in the
center of the circle.
The corner of the
Platonic solid is a point.
And the face shape
of its dual form
is the surrounding boundary.
So just as air and Earth are
two complementary opposite
polarities, so the
octahedron of the air
and the cube of the
Earth are Platonic duals.
There are six square
faces on the cube
in the center of which perfectly
fit the six corners or vertices
of the octahedron.
There are eight triangular
faces on the octahedron
in the center of which fit the
eight vertices of the cube.
The physical element
essential for life is water.
Water is the basis of living
beings animated by the ether.
For the ether to operate
in a living body,
water must be present.
And so we find that the
icosahedron of water
and the dodecahedron of
the etheric life force
are Platonic duals,
complementary matched
polarities.
There are 20 triangular
faces on the icosahedron
in the center of which the
20 vertices of a dodecahedron
fit and 12 pentagonal
faces on the dodecahedron
in the center of which the 12
vertices of the icosahedron
fit.
This, of course, leaves one
Platonic solid left over--
the tetrahedron of fire.
The tetrahedron is
paired with itself.
It is self-dual.
The tetrahedron has
four faces in which
fit the four corners of
an inverted tetrahedron.
This Platonic dual with its
upright and inverted pair
of nested tetrahedra
is connected
to movements of energy
upwards and downwards,
based on the direction, the
point of each tetrahedra
is oriented.
This is connected to the form of
the human Merkaba soul vehicle
as the star tetrahedron,
which we mentioned earlier
and which we will explore
in a later episode.
These Platonic solid
forms and their duals
can be applied to
the human energy
field for powerful energetic
and spiritual purposes.
Returning now to our
discussion of the dodecahedron,
in addition to the
dodecahedron being paired
with the icosahedron
as its Platonic dual,
there is also a very deep
esoteric tradition regarding
the double dodecahedra.
In other words, two
dodecahedrons connected
face to face.
In the work of the great
European Rosicrucian
teacher, Rudolf Steiner,
the double dodecahedra
was used as the foundation
stone for creating
a new Temple of the Grail, which
was the building known today
as the first Goetheanum,
which was built in Dornach,
Switzerland, during
World War I. Tragically,
this amazing Rosicrucian
Temple of the Grail
was destroyed, burned to the
ground by a Nazi saboteur
shortly after it was completed.
A copper double
dodecahedron was placed
in the Earth as the
foundation stone
for this new Temple
of the Grail.
It represented the
union of the macrocosm
of the spiritual world,
which was the larger
dodecahedron with the microcosm
of our physical world,
the smaller dodecahedron.
The double
dodecahedra was echoed
in the construction
of the building
by the twin domes
over the temple.
An important aspect
of the dodecahedron
is that this form
was obscured or kept
hidden in some
ancient traditions,
including the ancient
Greek tradition.
As the form related to the
dynamic life force itself,
which stands above all the
other Platonic solids, all
the other elements of
nature, there was the concern
that the misuse
of this form could
lead to unleashing catastrophic
forces of destruction.
This concern proved
to be prophetic.
During my time as a nuclear,
biological, chemical warfare
defense instructor for
the US Marine Corps,
I discovered declassified photos
from the Manhattan Project
related to one of the first
forms of the atomic bomb.
During the creation of the
atomic bomb in the Manhattan
Project of World War
II, it was discovered
that to create the
critical mass leading
to the explosion of the bomb
called Fat Man, a plutonium
implosion device,
the bomb required
being shaped as a
dodecahedron so that when
the outer spherical shell
of the bomb was removed,
there were inside 12
pentagonal sections
which acted as lenses to make
the atomic explosion possible.
The dodecahedron was the
form of the atomic bomb.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[EXPLOSION]
With the atomic explosion,
the ancient warning
of the destructive power,
if the dodecahedron
of the etheric life force
were ever to be misused,
was shown to be
true and prophetic.
Nuclear weapons literally
disintegrate matter out
of physical existence entirely.
One of the major scientists
in the Manhattan Project,
Robert Oppenheimer,
famously said a quote
from the Hindu holy text,
the "Bhagavad Gita,"
when he saw the destructive
power of the atomic blast.
"Now I am become death,
the destroyer of worlds."
One of the scientists in
the Manhattan Project,
Professor Robert Moon from
the University of Chicago,
later published his
insights into how
the entire periodic
table of elements, which
is the identification of
literally every element which
creates physical
matter, is, in fact,
based on the Platonic solids.
The Robert Moon model
of the periodic table
suggests that the atomic
number for each element,
in other words, the
number of protons,
is linked to a hidden geometry.
Each proton is positioned
exactly at a vertex,
in other words,
one of the corners
of multiple Platonic solids
nested inside one another.
In the Robert Moon
model, element number
8 on the periodic
table, oxygen, is
created from each
of its eight protons
being at one of the eight
corners of the cube.
Just as the ancients
said that the cube is
the form for creating the Earth
element, so element number 8,
oxygen, which makes
the cube, comprises
62.55% of all the atoms
in the Earth's crust.
Adding in the six vertices
to create the octahedron
brings us up to
element number 14,
which is silicon, which makes
up the next largest number
of atoms in the Earth's crust--
21.22%.
So the combined
cube and octahedron,
which materialize oxygen and
silicon on the periodic table,
then together make up
84% of the Earth's crust.
Adding in the icosahedron's
12 vertices brings us up
to element 26--
iron.
Then adding in the
dodecahedron's 20 vertices
brings us up to
element number 46--
palladium.
Now, note that the
tetrahedron is not
part of the nested
forms in the Moon
model of the periodic table.
It was described
by Professor Moon
as being used for
positions of the neutrons.
Also, remember what
we said before,
that the tetrahedron is the
only one of the Platonic solids
which does not have a different
Platonic solid as a dual.
It is self-dual.
Robert Moon then
realized that creating
a second set of these
nested Platonic solids
creates two full dodecahedra
with internal Platonic solids.
These two dodecahedra
connect on a pentagonal face
at element number 86, the
radioactive gas radon.
From a spiritual perspective
of the Platonic solids,
this double dodecahedra can be
seen as the first dodecahedron
being the etheric life force
of the heavens, the first 46
lighter elements on the
periodic table joined
with the etheric life force of
the Earth, the final 46 denser
elements, which creates the
total number of naturally
occurring elements on Earth--
92.
We discussed earlier the
Rosicrucian understanding
from before the time of
the Manhattan Project
and the Robert
Moon elements model
of the double
dodecahedron as the union
of heaven and Earth, the
macrocosm and the microcosm.
As there are 92
naturally occurring
elements on the periodic
table to create elements
beyond radon, more corners
on the twin dodecahedra
must become available for
protons to manifest there.
In the Robert Moon
model, this happens
through the face connection
between the dodecahedra,
breaking apart like a hinge to
make more proton nesting sites
available for later elements.
To create element number
91, protactinium, the line
of connection must
break to then have
only one point of connection.
This means to create the final
naturally occurring element
on the periodic table--
radioactive uranium--
the two dodecahedra
must break apart completely.
From a spiritual perspective
of the dodecahedron
as the form of the ether,
the vital life force,
this breaking apart the
connection between the life
force of the Earth and the
life force of the heavens
leads to the destruction we
see with nuclear weapons.
From an engineering
perspective, breaking apart
the connection between the
two nuclear proton dodecahedra
creates instability.
This results in element
number 92, uranium,
releasing toxic radiation
and makes possible
the fission of uranium.
Fission was a
critical breakthrough
in which Robert Moon
himself participated
during the Manhattan
Project at the University
of Chicago, leading
to the use of uranium
and later man-made
elements like plutonium
to create devastating nuclear
weapons which literally
vaporize physical
matter out of existence
in the blink of an eye.
The use of the dodecahedron
for the first nuclear weapon
and the deeper geometric
structures behind that,
explained in Professor
Robert Moon's model,
show the true power and
the fundamental nature
of the Platonic solids for
the creation of our world.
It is also a warning of the
destructive power of the misuse
of sacred geometry knowledge.
However, just as the
misuse of the dodecahedron
form of the etheric life force
gave rise to nuclear weapons
annihilating life, so
the wise use of this form
is fundamentally linked
to the giving of life
and even transmuting deadly
materials into safe forms.
We saw that element
number 46, palladium,
was the form of
the first completed
dodecahedron in the Robert Moon
model of the periodic table
of elements.
With the dodecahedron
being known as the gateway
to the ether, the
vital life force itself
in ancient teachings,
this indicates
that palladium, the
completed dodecahedron,
may have unusual
alchemical, energetic,
and life-protecting effects.
And indeed, this has recently
been scientifically proven.
Researchers at Pennsylvania
State University
found that lethal chemicals,
such as military grade nerve
agents, could be
rendered completely
harmless through interaction
with, you guessed it,
palladium.
Palladium causes the toxic
chemicals to oxidize,
breaking down the lethal nerve
agent or other toxic substances
to water and carbon dioxide,
along with other harmless ions.
The palladium converts
water and oxygen
into hydrogen peroxide, a
powerful oxidizing agent.
This is an incredible fact that
the element palladium indicated
in the Robert Moon model as
the completed dodecahedron,
the etheric life
force itself, has now
been proven to transform
the deadliest chemical
substances into
basic elements which
do not harm living beings.
In fact, palladium and its
closely related element,
platinum, have
been found to have
a wide range of unusual
energetic and detoxifying
properties.
They are used in
catalytic converters
to break down the harmful
exhaust from cars.
Palladium and platinum have been
used as the cathode and anode,
simply meaning the negative and
positive poles for cold fusion
experiments which created
much more energy than put
into the system, essentially
gating energy to enter in,
from outside the system.
We described in
our first episode
the net of geometric
energy which stands
behind all physical matter.
And this net appears
to be connected
to the excess energy generated
in cold fusion experiments.
This connection
to the net concept
is also demonstrated by one
of the alternative names
for cold fusion, which is
lattice-assisted nuclear
reactions with the
lattice meaning
what we have called the net.
The containing of the
other Platonic solids
within the dodecahedron
has also been
used in a variety of
esoteric healing systems.
One example is the work
of Theo Gimbel of Britain
who used combinations of
color and Platonic geometry
to target and heal different
functional systems of the body.
In Gimbel's system, the
red tetrahedron of fire
is used to activate
the nerve sense
system rooted in our head.
The yellow octahedron of air
is used to activate and balance
the respiratory system in
the throat and upper chest.
The blue icosahedron
of water is used
to activate and balance
the metabolic system
in the abdomen.
And the green cube of Earth
is used to ground and balance
at the base of the abdomen.
Note that in Gimbel's
system, which was partially
based on the Rosicrucian
work of Rudolf Steiner,
the double dodecahedron is used
over the top and bottom halves
of the body.
Now, we have surveyed
the Platonic solids,
the five perfect
divisions of the sphere.
We can now see
the larger context
of the information presented
in our first episode
where we showed
how the Earth grid
itself is related to
these Platonic solids,
particularly to the Platonic
duals of the dodecahedron
with the icosahedron.
We can now experience
the power of these forms
directly through an extremely
important, but little known
Rosicrucian practice which
uses these forms to activate
new circuits in the human mind.
In episode 2, we explored
how the human mind
is a microcosm of
the divine mind which
means that we can both
access packed thought
forms from higher beings and
also generate these ourselves.
One method which helps
to activate this power
is visualizing the
Platonic solids
and moving them through
specific transformations.
Some people say they
are unable to visualize.
However, unless they
were born blind,
this is not actually true.
Rather, the truth is that
they simply have not fully
activated that internal
energy pathway which
allows them to visualize.
That pathway exists, but it's
not strong or stable yet.
Just as physical muscles atrophy
if not used and exercised,
so these inner spiritual
activation pathways
are weak until we
flex them regularly
through internal exercises.
By visualizing these key
thought forms in the mind of God
within our own
mind and exploring
their transformations,
we can greatly
strengthen our own
capacity to perceive
the sacred geometry thought
forms from other beings
and our ability to create
packed thought forms ourselves.
This opens up higher
states of consciousness
and more conscious
communication with other people.
This shift of consciousness
can also transform and optimize
our spiritual destiny.
If you'd like to do
the practice now,
please see the companion
video for this episode.
Otherwise, please
set an intention
to come back and do the
practice at a later time.
Join us for our
next episode when
we will discover the
sacred geometric form which
holds the secret of
balancing and blending
powerful opposite energies.
This form even holds
the key to understanding
the different types
of nonphysical beings
that every person will
encounter on the path
of spiritual development and
how to discern between those
whose influences are
harmful and those
who are highly beneficial.
You will also learn
how to activate
the next level of the
grid of life design
in your energy body.
Activating this core pattern
can help transform your life
and your spiritual destiny.
See you then.
[MUSIC PLAYING]